Why are you hitting me?
I typed Do you know who he is?
Who is he? Tell me
Coco is our guest of honor
What a shit VIP
He's just a bar watcher
Except you dare to hit me, I'll tell my uncle
Sir, for your father's sake
Let us address you as our master
But your mouth says
I advise you to take it in
Otherwise, it won't look good on big face.
Chu, you old thing
You actually beat my dad for an outsider
I'm not staying here anymore
And you, you little bastard
Wait for me, Sister Wan
Wanjie Wanjie
Don't do this, calm down
Wenwen, I knew you were sincere to me
The young master said he would be good to you
Don't worry, wait a few days.
I will definitely give you a grand wedding
Okay, you are in a bad mood, go and relax first.
We'll talk about the rest later
I'm in a bad mood right now
Won't you accompany me?
I suddenly remembered that I have something important to do
I'll contact you later.
No.
young master
Why didn't you let me reveal your identity just now?
I mainly want to know
What does this matter to me?
He is your cousin
For some reason
Go to the master's side
However, Master Jie's nature is evening ceremony
Keep going like this.
Controversies continue within the family
He will be kicked out sooner or later